[Music]
hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're really good so today I'm
gonna go through my morning routine
whilst I am away and in hotel room so
obviously I don't always set my alarm
whilst I'm on holiday but if I do it she
do like to set between 7:00 and 8:00
it's a weekend or whatever and it's just
a bit of a habit to like throw the
pillows on my bed like I don't know it's
just a weird habit of mine
Maison always makes fun of me making my
bed in hotel room and then I own stock
with obviously like gibberish MIT and
then going over and making a coffee
actually my own coffee with me like most
places I'll go just in case I don't have
it just like my little morning ritual
and I'm not the most functional person
first thing so always starting with a
coffee and then if there's like a
balcony area or anything I always like
to take my coffee out there especially
when it's like a nice sunny morning I
don't get many of these in the UK so
it's always nice and it's super bright
and lovely day and I just Grover my
little to-do list and make sure I'm on
top of any little bits of work I've got
actually spilt my coffee down myself
here
and then always start with the gym and
I'm going fasted today so straight out
of my pajamas into gym gear and straight
to the gym and here I'm just going
through an upper body workout I'll make
sure this is all linked in the
description down below
[Music]
here's my little outfit of the day I'm
just wearing this white top and I kind
of think this looks like a little tennis
outfit she's a pinstripe skirt the skirt
is from forever 21 the top is from Zara
so how about you sure good with the
breakfast buffet at this hotel because
there's not that many options but I've
just gone for some yogurt with a mixture
of cereal topped with chia seeds and
some raisins and then I just got a black
coffee alongside by I've just got ready
and everything put makeup on I wouldn't
leave my hand to the left I was
referring to show you some of our faith
products at the moment I'm kind of
embracing the natural however I'm just
trying to get in better condition so
that is why I lived in the whole world I
don't even know
yeah I've brought these along with me
massiveness they're quite heavy to look
around I must admit I probably have the
minotaur travel sizes but you know it's
fine I don't have the weight of like my
hair styling products like my colors or
straightness so you know x5 but yeah I'm
living this cat whip catwalk catwalk
curls rock amplifier use right now but
amazing I would have like I don't like
using any hair products that don't smell
really nice and fresh and then I'll just
push it up like that it's probably like
a massage either candidate in here I
definitely need to go about dark when I
get
and then this has lasted me ages of
reason is quite a few look this is such
like a fruity coconut smell I've just
got that all over the lid but yeah
you've got that much and then just do
like the same scrunchie thing that I'm
doing and then if I like if it still
feels like a little bit dry or whatever
just go in some more and it kind of
holds all day as well so if you've got
like wavy curly anna iviva coolness of
hugs and then also once i've got last
time in the bathroom I'll show you my
other favorite so I hire these keels
like ultra heels ultra facial cream
which is my holy grail absolutely love
this it does like a last cut while
especially this big tote
Mason use this as well but yeah I just
love this moisturizer you can just put
so much on when it's a moisturizer our
like stuff that just makes me feel like
automatically nourish and then in terms
of time I turn the day before yesterday
and this is amazing it's the Livington
to our Express dark I usually sleep with
this on and but the alter drunk about
your fan is a bit too dark like it seems
to come up in patches on it's like that
all that natural color and I'm so into
it that is what like my morning routine
it looks like while Sandra where I try
to keep is that realistic
first of all obviously something that I
always set an alarm just whatever I want
to do in the day but I think it's good
sometimes works otherwise your days just
like disappear and when you don't set an
alarm wake up late in stuff they are so
speedy you run a time bomb for breakfast
they've already made up to room I have
to ill of this go back to you like
pristine hotel room usually do it in the
afternoon so it's a nice surprise but
obviously I made the bed this morning
but turned it almost looks like it's
being ironed that kept there and it's
such a nice day out today so I'm just
going to do a bit of editing
and upload part of the video and then I
don't remember to like lay out in the
Sun flip it and read it of a book or
listen to podcast or something and then
we might go into Montevideo later
there's a really nice restaurant that
I've been having a look online and it's
like a like one of the best steak steak
houses kind of thing so it's been really
nice
I basically eat my way around the
majority but anywhere I travel to like
that I thought was the first thing I
look at before anything else like what's
the best some really nice messages this
week asking how my toe was which I
thought was so sweet and oh my goodness
my toe has improved so much I feel so
much better and I can actually like wait
bear on it a lot better and I'm not
limping because whenever you've got a
limp you kind of strain the other side
of your body and then I didn't want to
start getting like hip and like back
problems so I'm really impressed I think
this trip was just what I needed in
terms of like some time just to like let
my toe heel as well so thank you so much
for messaging me about that it's really
kind
alright so these past two weeks - you've
gone quite quickly fly home tomorrow and
we fly to Madrid I haven't actually been
there before it is the longest the
longest like 14 hours from Uruguay
Montevideo to Madrid and then 10 a 10
hour layover in in Madrid and I'm gonna
have to find like a shower whilst were
there because we've been doing it rotten
and and then from Madrid were flying to
London and then going to collect
Penelope and she's over she's inside my
dad's if you've liked for mine in
Springboro you know that I believe she
called him maybe 10 times a day FaceTime
to Penelope every single day I've missed
her so much like this is the longest
we've been apart so it's been quite hard
actually I don't know why I just
absolutely really missed seen her in the
morning and stuff and yeah I'm gonna do
some shopping in the airport and get my
dad a little something and for now he's
well I want to find like a cute little
bow it's the first time like this
holiday where I've actually managed I
feel like I've balanced things quite
well and this isn't enough kind of
struggle because I work for myself and
everything it's kind of hard to get that
balance like when you go away so I just
feel like
certainly want to work or like work is
on my mind
so this how you have managed type like
kind of organize myself better and also
like going to the gym and I think I've
really needed it a lot in terms of just
my well-being on a whole without going
to then I was amazing I've been talking
about like potentially moving abroad
because this climate in Uruguay and
Chile actually was quite similar it's
super sunny and like blue skies I think
it's best summer season right now but
not like ridiculously hot and then his
first time I thought oh I could really
live in this climate like for me I don't
like too much heat and which I'll do a
quick hotel room tour as well is the bed
I really like the whole four-poster
thing and is so complete the
housekeeping are amazing here like to
keep everything and macular so yeah I
really like the feature wall as well and
then over here there's just like a
little city I'm gonna turn into a bed
out she meant the two huge windows which
is really nice and there's a laser like
natural light in here really good
lighting and a TV ad she never used TV
these days I always just use a laptop
and then you go through here that is an
absolute mess we aren't unpacking while
Snickers were not long enough for to
unpack our suitcases so let's just
ignore that and then I actually
absolutely love having like a separate
door to a bedroom it's kind of like a
suite and with a little lock on the door
I always seem to get a much better
night's sleep really weird might just be
me and then you come through here and
here is the gorgeous little bathroom
we're hopes up there then you come
through here and there's like a little
bath table thing that just quite cute
I've never had that before like a high
one and then here is a little kitchen
area which is really nice and got a
holding door that's coffee on there oh
my gosh a little kettle and then but
really nice to have the option to like
microwave something I guess yeah is like
a little desk area that's why I've just
been working
they enjoyed my little morning routine
on the go in a hotel room try to keep it
as realistic as possible but yeah I'd
really appreciate it if you could oh my
goodness me what is that just going
underneath something crawling but yet
like and subscribe if you enjoyed this
video and everything I've met I'm gonna
go for get eaten by bugs